[Applause]
[Music] music music
[Music]
[Music
] [
Music]
[Music]
beautiful my house your house [
Music]
[Music]
What is called beautiful my house your house
[Applause] [
Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [
Music]
[Applause] [
Music] [
Applause] [Music] [
Applause] [
Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music
]
[Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music
] [Music]
[Applause] [
Music] [
Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Music] [
Music]
[Applause]  let's
go what's up
[Music]
bald man older man more
woman's hat equals crab equals crab in
the formula is the mathematical formula It doesn't
fail It doesn't fail well How are you How are we
family there I'm recovering there there we go There
we go recovering not
little by little today at least I can
show my face yesterday Yesterday I arrived yesterday
yesterday I didn't show my face I didn't Yesterday I did
something with my face Ugh I failed my
face man
There my face looked like I'd been
beaten up But well
but you can still see me fat you can see me
like the dark circles are swollen the purple dark circles Let's
see when I turn off the light you can see more
instead of less Look it looks worse when I
turn off the light than when I turn it on
well little by little little by little in a couple
of days we will surely be more more
visible
Nemo's podcast is it true he
sends him he's going to send him a message
let's go he would have me
he would have told me something but I don't know I don't know the truth is it's been
delayed whatever but today I
was recording I was recording the
news a while ago Okay  now I was
recording the news now and
in the news in the news
I saw a click from Nimo in which Nimo
snitched that Dallas is on
the podcast with her
that Dallas is on the podcast with her I'm going to I'm going to
watch it now the extractor
well let's see You sent this to me
you want me to give my opinion on this
but let's see my opinion on This is going to
be quick and short which is what it is what
Livita limits it she's still there
with her videos and these people who have
channels about Dallas They keep talking about the
subject and apparently what they've done
now according to what you're sending me
is open a crowdfunding a PayPal
Hello Since several people have recommended it to me
we decided to create a
PayPal account to receive
voluntary contributions Thank you In advance I
have seriously asked Well are
people giving money to him Here It's okay, so
everyone can ask for what they want, let them ask for the
money they want no but if this is being
done for
this he retweeted it The doctor not the
Mister doctor
It's that I asked him to play and I  She said
that first it was said that it was for her
because yes and then they said that
for the legal issue they are going to open
the issue of the legal issue against Dallas to
see
legal issue against Dallas there is no and there will
never be an okay or so legal issue no no
my goodness
Oh my goodness my
goodness legal issue against Dallas no no there is no there is not going to be it does
not exist This
recently they sent me a click Well I find out about these
things by I will play and because you
put it in the group that a prosecutor
had come out saying and in the end it turned out to
be a troll that only I said from the
first moment not about the prosecutor
Twitter does not answer you Twitter does not
answer you to ask because you ask for some
conversations there are two
Twitter accounts in the first place that no longer
exist neither on his part nor on
her part okay it
has no more history that issue
has no more history there are many issues a
day I do not understand these channels
really that each one can do with their
channel and with their projection what they try
and what they want and what
works for them but the thing is that the issue
has no more history the issue ends there
a prosecutor is not going to go  a
YouTube channel to tell him that they are going to reopen a
case because Twitter has given them the
conversations I have a legal issue
Well I have two legal issues in which
the judge has seen indications of certain
things and he is asking Twitter
simply to prove one thing and
Twitter is not responding it's stupid I mean I
imagine that Twitter would
do that in a case in a case that I know is
super serious I know a murder something
big I don't have a [ __ ] idea but Twitter
Twitter first of all they are two accounts
that don't exist give yourself a lot of time you give
a lot of years we go back How do we go back we go
back seven years more or less
seven years or so two accounts That neither
his nor hers exist are
conversations that will never be able to
prove
the evidence They don't point to
the evidence either okay And in any case
even if a
case were opened okay look PayPal didn't close everything as I imagined I mean PayPal has seen something and has closed this collection no [Music] This is not another fund for my studies or for food or entertainment it is to settle possible expenses of the process in the event that there was a  process
okay or so it is that you can
tell this with a lot of grace to the
people who follow you and so on no but in
the case in the case that there was a
process in the case that at some
point there was a process I
tell you the same thing as with the
issue of the prosecutor the prosecutor who said
that she had spoken with Twitter and that she
had accredited the combinations that
sneaks in to people who don't know, don't
understand okay but at the moment they
sent me a click telling me no it's that there is
a prosecutor that it's that there is a prosecutor
who has opened the case that does
n't work like that It doesn't work like
that it's that there is no it doesn't
work like that the
procedures the criminal procedure law
has a process that is strictly followed
and the procedural law is also strictly followed
and so that has an order and has
some steps and once it is at a
point there is no point of return I
can give you a thousand examples of
judicial cases or I can give you a thousand examples of
judicial cases where suddenly
new super important things are discovered
but they are already archived They can no longer
go back or procedures in which
Today is the trial and I have new evidence
for the trial but since the
preliminary hearing has passed, that evidence could not be presented,
new evidence can no longer be provided because the time to
present that evidence is at the
preliminary hearing. There are many things,
many things that anyone who sees this
type of, let's see, I understand that this is a
show. Yes, and if there are people who
only get visits with this. Well,
okay, show, okay, in the end it's looking for a
roll with the dala because this has no
path nor the and the clues. Well,
this is already more than explained,
okay, so the whole thing, I think it has
been more than uncovered, but the
thing is that any jurist,
any lawyer who knows the subject knows
that this is not the procedure and that
this does not work, so hey, it's being
done as a show. Well, if you, if you
want to risk a problem with
Dallas because in the end he crosses and
takes Ricardo or Pablo and gets into a mess, he files
lawsuits like crazy.
I've seen things out there that they are
saying about him that I would have already
cut off. I imagine that he will not see that
touch. Thank you very much.  I imagine
that there are things that they won't see but from
people from Spain who are also at hand
to sue him and that Dalas has never
messed with them or if he has messed
with them in response okay deep
down they want to roll with Dala,
but of course it's a roll that maybe they ca
n't afford later
but apart from that there is no more if
I don't tell you to investigate
and pull the thread and that there is none It's that
this issue is already It's that this
issue has no more to go And the thing is that
this doesn't work like this It's that
money for a procedure
but if if it were true this
procedure the type of the type of
procedure that doesn't need gacho
what cats that
you that you want to open a PayPal
so that people collaborate with you
help you or whatever you can open whatever
you want we can all open
a patreo a PayPal some lifan a whatever you want
okay but but man if it
's for the procedure Well that
money is not going to be used in the first place
because there will never be a procedure
And secondly the calm was
seen  the bald man And secondly, why
not, because that's not worth money, that kind of
thing,
I think that Dallas has things that he hasn't
seen and if he sees them, he'll boss around
people from Spain. I'm not referring to the girl
or anything about the girl. He already explained what he
needs to explain: there's no
more, okay, there's no more, really, there's no
more, I mean, it's a group of
people who are insisting on accusing
Dalas of being a pedophile. And the thing is that there's no
more here. I mean, the issue is already more
burned out than La pipa. An Indian is okay, but
I don't know what's moving, what's moving the
hatred for Dala, that even
people donate money. String clip. And thank you
very much.
But what is it that, I mean, if you don't
believe me, see if you ask a
lawyer, a jurist, how the
law works, how procedural law works. And the thing is that if there was a
case, it wouldn't cost money. And
the second thing is that it doesn't work like that. The second thing
is that it doesn't work like that, and something that's
archived is archived. Okay, and
something that hasn't been processed is not.  she's
going to have it okay I mean there's no more
either and the signs are what they are and
things are what they are and
the first thing is that I would be getting into
explaining things to you that are also
boring and long and unnecessary okay
for there to be a case there should be
that conversation and within those
conversations it would be necessary to see if
they are real if they are not real and but of course
those conversations are never going to
exist from there on everything else
Show from
there on everything else show Okay
any in any case in any
procedure in anything
screenshots are not worth it video is not worth it No
the conversations do not have to exist for them to
be certified okay that will never
exist it's over there's no case we
summarize it in that If you want okay from
there on the show and the subject I don't know what I will see
is that you will see it as a
gossip channel I do not have time to deal with
all the issues that there are throughout the day
I do not have time to deal with all the issues
that there are throughout the day I do not
understand why there are people stuck
only on that subject I do not know if it's something
personal I do not know but in the end
[Music]
You see, maybe it's going to cost you more
than what you can earn from the dirty
little venture that you're going to earn in
a week. I'm not talking about the girl,
I'm talking about people maybe who don't stop, don't stop, don't
stop making
content on this topic Javi Your hair doesn't look
that bad.
Well, the truth is that it's starting to look
better.
I think that by the time
the sides stop being so shaved.
I think by next week or
something like that.
I think that by the
time the bottom part isn't so shaved anymore, which
I didn't expect. The
truth is that I was really upset that they
shaved me so much. I thought
that what they were going to give me was a band-aid. I thought that what they were going to give you
was a band-aid. You
know, no
way, from here it was a step
down. I look like a criminal.
I look like a criminal. Right now,
next week, Thursday or around
Thursday, I have the David
Bisbal concert, Thursday, I'll tell my hairdresser.
that I try half of Lopez what is
possible to the extent possible
to the extent possible as much as possible
at least for me that I know that the
step is not so beast or so ugly
you know and go back to comb my hair like this forward
as I was combing my hair lately
until the new one grows out when
the new one grows out my goodness it's going to be
incredible when the new one grows out it's going to be
incredible Well I don't know if I'll
remember Dj Gamer day gamer
let's see how I am as a gamer by number This
was a youtuber hello
that I have a little bit of nothing
against him I mean nothing against the
part of what he did but it gives me it gives me
a lot of grill they defamed him well defamed the
channel the channel this channel doesn't give him enough to
live on I imagine that he will dedicate himself to other
things and suddenly I don't know why I do
n't know why the reason he
made a video about the case that they
made this guy they made a
case because several underage girls came out
to say that he tried to flirt
with them that he had a thing with them via
chats via chat okay This was the one of I
don't know if you remember  the controversy in which they have
told him they have told him the little
Argentine lawyer made a video like caro the
game everyone against He made a
video using the law and fitting it
so that from there Gamer was the worst of
the worst okay but nevertheless with the
same and the same law the same
civil penal codes or whatever the [ __ ] they are he
used them to defend the Demented his
friend okay or so that was it was brutal I
thought a lot about whether or not to make this
video since as you know the
internet community is very good very receptive
but I'm a little tired of
every now and then a bunch of videos are made
talking about what happened to me and
misinforming a band sincerely
well question from the moment that happened to me
until today sincerely deep
down I feel that I deserve what
happened to me because it was the most stupid and
stupid thing I did in my life they knew I
was more of an idiot and now I'm older
and I understand how the world works and how
things are I was 24 at that
time now I'm 30 a lot happened and it
gave me time to reflect and
be a better person basically because of it
Yes  I know some text messages where it didn't
happen Beyond that but you have to make
things bigger you have to put [ __ ]
etcetera etcetera In this video I'm not coming
to excuse myself absolutely nothing because
as I said deep down I feel like I
deserve what happened to me but there are certain
things I
necessarily have to pay for Prime
because I already like it I am
totally against it as a
content creator obviously I am from Do it I mean you realize I'm
not
talking to you it's something that if they remove the
ads we don't charge okay And
now I directly had it has
become serious with that issue and
blogs are no longer allowed on YouTube you will have
noticed but I should pay for
Premium let's see if I remember off
camera because every time I remember
I'm live
for man for the reactions in the
reactions it doesn't stick to be with being with
that ads pop up here no you already
have enough with mine man I will play a kiss
precisely I mentioned you King I think they
were quite too much let's
tell stories from the beginning
from the moment of the case basically
I had a pretty bad time I had a pretty bad time I did
n't know how to control the situation
it was something that was very recent  and at 24 I
was still an idiot let's face
it, I was still an idiot what
happened next well at that time
the puna hadn't even been uncovered but three
years later when I was 27 26
27 years old that's when things exploded
the conversations started going viral
the [ __ ] I said Even at the
times when I was half doped
Because I was taking a medication
that was [ __ ] because honestly
a psychiatrist who didn't even know what he
was giving me and well everything got out of control
and I honestly didn't even know where I
stood in those days like that I had a
bad time horrible things happened like don't
advertise it so much pay it now pay me back
Adonis you're not even a member son of a
[ __ ] pay me pay me
how much is 5 bucks pay
me Give me 60 bucks and I'll have it for the
whole year since I'm here
reacting to videos for you guys
shut my mother down go bother
her and I know very well what she said but it was
a lot it's not an excuse No matter how much I
've matured already  I understand things from
another perspective there to the point of
understanding that what happened to me had to
happen but I come to tell everything
that happened after that moment
although as they already uploaded it affected me quite a bit
it was more on the psychological aspect as
many of you know I seem to be depressed
bipolar anxiety mental illnesses
the excerpt that I recorded before seeing this
that I don't know why this man is
resorting to anxiety the star I don't
know what the excerpt that I played before
this
[Music]
that I don't even know if I will upload it separately because I do
n't know if that topic is already of
interest or not I just don't understand why
content is still being made on that topic It was
about the subject of this girl from
Argentina asking for money for a
process against Dala that I was
explaining to people that
any jurist any lawyer knows
that legal procedures do not work like that I mean
in the first place
there is a Superman YouTube Premium case but
Superman has paid me for two months come
see who pays me the rest of the months for
the year Thank you very much Rey or in other words
anyone who knows a little about how it
works and the criminal procedure law
and the  Procedural law okay
No, it doesn't work like that, I mean, really there's
never going to be a case
Because they're two Twitter accounts that don't
exist and starting from there There can't
be a case, starting from there it
was already part of you believing it, don't believe it I don't care it's that we
start from the
basis that case I can't see
the Twitter accounts don't exist
we're not even going back on one thing 7
years ago no there hasn't been another other other
episodes there's nothing there's nothing there's no
case and if there was one you don't need money
I hope that handsome cowboy gets on me Greetings
Well a kiss Hey, about the filters
I'm liking it eh I do
n't like the filters, well I imagine I
have them because I lived an image in countries
where the figure of the attorney general doesn't exist,
for example here in Colombia you don't have to
pay a penny to report someone
I just don't understand What do they mean
by collecting money The
truth is I don't understand but well
you see that everyone is free to ask for
money
everyone is free to ask for whatever you
want, I mean you can create a
patreon yourself  you can create whatever you
want but if it's for a
legal process they're not going to need money
first of all because it wouldn't
cost money and secondly
because no because there won't be any processes there won't be any
process there's no
way there's a case there childhood and
a shitty life the moment I
started with YouTube I felt like all that I
knew dissipated I started to have people who
followed me who loved me who liked
what I did and basically I had gone a little bit to my
head and I felt like I was
immortal and that nothing was wrong I
could do whatever I wanted either nothing
But I had done this that today I
see as a respective challenge and I say I'm the
dumbest and shittiest thing I've ever seen in
my life so since then I'm
only looking to improve as a person and
try to leave that stupid thing
behind that even though it was only
text messages it doesn't take away what it says but I still
come informal what happened later
because the youtubers this that they
really like the gossip embellishment of things they
put a little bit of step this a little bit
of step that etcetera So
basically the first few days I spent
quite  bad then I had a moment of
lucidity where I was already much better
trying to turn the page someone
Remember how old they were or rather day
Gamer talked to a girl who was about
15 when he was how old and I started uploading
videos regularly again
trying to forget this ugly event that
happened in my life and for some reason that
month was the one with the most visits not because I was a
hater or anything but it was like my community had been
revived I had videos with
millions of visits it was the time when I
started making reactions of gutting
the history of three edges making other
types of content a little more varied a
little going back to the origins but
renewing myself And the truth is that that month went
very well for me I have to
pay it
is that I have to pay it so much in
visits so much
etcetera or rather he him being 24 he
being 24
spoke to a girl of 15 I
already found out that you are someone
someone told me a kiss Amazon I
don't know who you are I don't know who you are who you
are I imagine that you are someone I
know No why are you sending me
that message well let's see I think I
'll show you photos when I've finished the
process When I have  my hair and everything else I'll
probably make a video on the subject
of the implant But well, brutal, the face,
brutal, the face, the way it's gone through
my face in the last
few hours, in the last four days,
my goodness This is the kid who defended him,
they told him
this is the one this is the one who attacked
I'll play and with the same law applying the
same law he defended the Madman Let's see Look, maybe
a kid of 21, 22
but 24 is a lot of cloth man
to talk to a girl of 15 man
24 is that if maybe you are 18, 19, 20 you
know and depending on the maturity of each
one the appearance of each one well
you can make the mistake you know
But well in the end it didn't transcend Look
one thing The only positive thing that I think I
can say about this subject
that the guy lowered his head
acknowledged what he did does not transcend a few
messages
luckily in itself in what you spend is
when there are already hearings and you pay a lawyer
in the rest if the prosecution according to is already
working it is their job,
nothing is paid And yes  there is no open folder you can't
in a case like this not even six more that costs 16
euros face crying loudly 16 euros
costs how much a month
today I dedicated a video to you handsome I see
just to tell you lojaya what the
[ __ ] a kiss Thanks a lot hey
what the [ __ ] Hey
man what the [ __ ] are you telling me I
'm here live and
people are asking me about you I didn't say
that I didn't say that I'm talking
to you I'll call you now or what Over here
by call
what happened something happened eh I'll tell you later let's
see
apart from apart from the fact that it didn't transcend
the messages
apart from the fact that it doesn't transcend the
messages
and it didn't come to anything he
hung his head apologetic Let
the years go by he hasn't seen any more
episodes
admit the mistake
if I go next month it seems too much to me super
Marc it
seems too much to me it seems too much
but don't just thank me
answer me Hahaha Sorry son what else
screwed up sending the audio what did
the boy ask me can you tell me Let's
see,
with that price It's difficult for
people to pay it
yes it's true man  It's worth
it because it takes away the ads.
Okay, King, I'll ask you later
what it's worth. And then you tell me
but don't worry.
[Music]
Coscu's attitude, he doesn't recognize it, he says
that when he talks, everything will look bad, he's
lying. A lot of times he denies
things to us that we can see right in front of our faces, he does
n't talk about the subject, he never talks about it. What I'm telling
you, I
told you that I dedicated a video to you today and it
seems fair to tell you is that what
you're doing is bread,
man. I know who you are,
man. I know who you are, man. Tell me,
Acete,
how ugly what you just did is man,
really. And on top of that, you put me
in the situation that you told him here
in public, man,
when do you learn people that that's not a
way, man, that's not a way
to promote yourself or to become
known or anything, man. I
mean, it's horrible, really horrible,
man. I don't even know how much and you told me, I don't even
know how much, I don't really know, man. Do
n't you think it's fair to say it, man, that you
just promoted yourself for a euro, man, I
know, at least it tells me that you're dropping
100 bucks here, well you say  you come on you know
but what a fabric
then I'll tell the editor to cut the
piece but come on man learn that those
things have not felt
a little cooperation for the
Premium I do
n't know if I'm going to pay that eh I don't know if I'm going
to pay that based it's a lot of fabric
what happened after that month little by little I
started to feel bad again because
depression is something I like you I've
never done pum If you want it sorry I'll
send it yaku I see that it has bothered you a
little ban it please Ivan ban it finally
screwed so that was where I had a
relapse the first serious relapse that I
had in my life Well I used to upload
videos every day because I
was one day two was trying to
always upload something is on the computer
editing doing everything possible to
have good quality for all of
you and well at this moment I had my
first relapse which was 4 months 4
months bedridden with depression
with anxiety and it was a horrible time in
my life that I couldn't get out of
bed no I didn't feel the strength I felt
bad I felt guilty above all very
guilty of Why do you say that for  what Why was
I such an idiot because I had
such a distorted vision of reality
really Because honestly I had a
distorted vision I didn't know what I was doing I was
a real idiot And well
After those four months I uploaded a
video more or less telling what I was going
through because I was affected by the attack on
my mother it affected me that they had
attacked me my social networks that
even today I felt
really bad and that made me
[ __ ] then I wanted to go back and when I
came back I still had my community I still
had good visits everything but what
happened I had another one I dedicated one to you and I'm not
talking about a video
a kiss a kiss King it seems fair that you
tell me eh it's super necessary super
necessary Thank you very much another two
months the video is uploaded and so
gradually relapse I would upload again relapse I would
upload video again relapses I uploaded video again
[Music]
six extra weeks and get a
backpack become a member Now what happens with
these relapses that were moments of
inactivity and YouTube doesn't like
inactivity therefore every time there is
one  inactivity and the visit came back
I would unsubscribe because YouTube no longer
recommended me because basically now the
number of subscribers
really doesn't matter because it's not transmitted
in real visits that your
channel is going to have you have to be relevant yes or yes
for the platform to
start recommending you now because of an acquaintance
who was a friend of his I can
attest that he did have a very bad time with depression
No but if I don't I'm telling you no but you see I
see a certain difference and I can't
justify what he did
that luckily I'm telling you that he didn't get to
more we don't know if he would have had the
opportunity If he had gotten to more I'll
also tell you but he didn't get to more there
are no more episodes for example in the case
of coscu now the caprimn thing comes out
more things come out after each other you know and
the point is that I've always said I like it
I like the Setup By the way I
like the set the set of Z the painting I
really like the subject is
regarding a case like this
what else can you do YouTube Premium
in latam is at 6.50 euros
benefits of the Third World
a kiss professor
what else can you do you can't go back
in time you
can't delete something from the past
what else can you do
what Coco did is very unfortunate because there
are still people who deny that the girl
has seen people with those expenses for
that matter but it shouldn't matter because they
scam money from the haters face
rolling with laughter
lady
of that maybe unintentionally because they don't know
and they don't know or Hey
anyone is making them believe that they have
expenses but let them know that there wo
n't be cases nor does she have expenses
Felipe says Well he says I'll touch on the Coco thing
it's very unfortunate because there are still
people who deny that the girl is a victim
or they blame her for things for
having drunk Coco takes advantage of that to
say that she didn't do anything wrong but the
thing with Goku I think it's almost a unanimous opinion
I think that the thing with Coco is almost a
unanimous opinion throughout the planet to condemn him, I
mean to be, I mean let's see the Goku issue
the only reasons why some
people don't talk about the Coscu issue
or have defended her has been because they are
workers
collaborators
of IBAI collaborators of
IBAI events  or for example Ari who
was the presenter for example
cristinini who didn't want to, they didn't want to
speak out or even Ari who
defended him but so as not to lose his job
with Ebay we
'll have to see now if it's true that he was going to
and speak out which I think not I already
said or I was talking about it yesterday if he goes and
speaks out now that the others come out
to speak out it would be it would be
wonderful I would laugh my head off that
now all of a sudden I would laugh my head off
that now all of a sudden ibai appears and makes that
video that he told me about
can you believe that there are idiots on
Twitter
who have started saying that my
conversations are false I say it there or I mean can
you imagine doing that
Well imagine if all of a sudden he
salivay and complies with what he's going to be which I
have my doubts that he will do it I
don't want to put my hand in the fire
for him no because I think that if he looks very
rushed he could be I
think that if he looked very rushed he would be
capable of doing it but
in the event that he did it
in the event that he did it it
would be hilarious to see that now when
ibai comes out Turbo comes out  towns
said I'll play he said the
conversations are fake it's that
if I show Let's see wait a
moment
but it's that I'm not going to enter it's that I'm not going to
enter in signal the screen it's not that I'm
not going to enter in show the
screen I'm not going to enter in the screen
because you can see other people here
talking to me it's that you can
see other people here
wait to see if I do like this that you can't see
anyone it's that it's
very complicated that you can't see
anyone it's that I'm not
going to enter I'm not going to enter
in that it's not
that I hadn't hadn't entered in
giving those people I'm
not going to enter I'm not going to enter he'll talk
when he moves to Andorra and he weighed the
ofune
don't listen to me But all my life
criticizing my mother with the slvame and
now here you have me no but listen to me
in My humble opinion now he used
you and Dallas to sow that there is something
that will stop everything and he was going and now he did the
same
Aurora didn't use me or Dallas to sow
that there is something that will stop everything
that will stop everything I do
n't understand you  I don't understand your super I don't
understand your message
Auron or just you to Dallas
to sow that there is something that will stop it
all
Auron got heated
Auron had me well let's see me whenever I'm
going to give some news if I have if I
have access to the person I'm
going to talk about I
try to contrast or to clarify that they
give me more information or whatever but
he was in a delicate moment and on
some occasions Well
well you saw it yourselves
the rest crazy that
I never tell you what he said he was going to be
but it's not that he told me it's that
he implied it in his Bio I uploaded a
story that he later deleted I mean I'm not
lying I'm telling you what he said that he was
going to come back and that he was going to give it to everyone
that then for whatever reason on the
recommendation of his manager for the
brands for I don't know what then he came lukewarm and
made a crappy comeback video
Well I think I think
that as
time goes by at some point he will
do it okay I don't know if crazier than ever
use Dave don't pay anything I only use it
to hear  music but for the rest they are not going to they are
going to move it and they are going to remove it
from everywhere I will
touch you
but I will touch but I am not going to get into
this type of people
to have to prove to them if they are
true conversations or not I mean
But in what head does it fit that I am going to
sit here in a video with 100,000
views invent some conversations
with eBay that can go out I was going there in a
live and say what Javier says not in a
live in a tweet and he goes and
answers a tweet to one of the tweets
posted on the subject and he goes and answers me
and says That's a lie without more in a
tweet he shuts me up and leaves me on the
ground imagine how I was left for
life nonsense the truth but apart
from that envy and things of
truth but I do not I do not enter
we have another objective and I think
another league I will play I am not going to get into
that no no no don't poke me don't
poke me For that nonsense to come in
well let's see you have sent me to
see this video lately these videos
like  that they are breaking it a lot and there
series and video series of This we
know that you are not lying But they
gave them the info they wanted I think the
same thing that ibai is doing now people
conspiring if he had motives or if the
other one is innocent is my opinion
well let's see auron after that he came out he
ended up coming out
I hope he was going and comes out and speaks in
a couple of months within one within
whatever he comes out and says something what I am
telling you what they tell me what I am
giving you is the
information I am not telling you if he is going and he
is right or not What is it that I
think I already said it yesterday what I think
is that ibai was going to come out I do
think that he was going and he has the mind to come out
something else let him do it or it's not worth it But he
is taking the blows and he
will want to defend himself or say something or
whatever and that he considers it I do think that he will
consider it that he does it I do
not rule it out completely either but I think it will
depend on how rushed he
looks now for example he is taking
a lot of blows because he
surely believed that after the evening
the subject was not going to be brought up because there was
a group, a sector of people who
were saying that they assumed that
it was simply a Dallas vs.
eBay case, I told you many times, that it is not
a Dallas vs. eBay case, that is something that is
real, that what Coscu did, he did and that
it will always haunt them until they
clarify it, you
cannot go back in time, you
cannot erase a mistake, but you have to
recognize it, take a step forward, I
know how to do something to
compensate, I do not know what, but what you
cannot do is believe that when
the evening is over, it will surely pass on, no, it
will surely harm the evening that is coming, the next one, the
other one and they will always bring it up with you
and now a case of Rubiales comes out and you cannot
talk about the subject, you cannot give your opinion
on the subject of Rubiales, where the hell?
You are talking about the subject of Rubiales,
so what I think, I do
not know if you will agree,
I transmit the information to you, just
as I did in my day with Auron, in fact
many times when I am talking about
other exclusives, I have spoken with Auron
many times, they also
understand  my job If you come to
me to tell Imagine that he came and went and he
tells me man
Do me a favor I know what I'm telling you
or I'm Imagine that imagine that I
find eBay and
I know that I don't know what example to give you
but I have Maybe something personal
something intimate something that isn't newsworthy
but I find out
Maybe I decide not to tell it but
generally let's see if it comes to me and Bye
in the middle of a live
and he sends me a message that doesn't belong in the
private sphere that doesn't harm him
no
well private intimate Not me of that and I
have to throw it away
But the thing is that I think he even did it
on purpose so that I would drop something
you can't and also when I told him
that it was going to be the video he said okay I
understand
Javi as always predicting the future crab crab crab
But the thing is that
I said it is not a Dallas against
eBay that the coscu issue is not a Dallas against eBay that
that has already been exposed for
many years this time it has exploded more
because it was the protagonist of the evening
but that it is not a Dallas against eBay  that
people were supporting coscu because they
saw it as Dallas against ibai to
get against Dallas no that
now he went and gave his opinion about rubiales and they are going to
throw in his face with all the right in the world
about Goku but it is that they have given him a
plate so that they can beat him up
but the thing is that tomorrow something worse than what happened with
rubiales will happen because what happened with rubiales is
nonsense it is a feminist campaign by
Irene Montero but tomorrow suddenly
some terrible scandal will come out of
someone who will do something terrible and when he
went and wants to give his opinion then they are going to
remind him again about coscu and
the time will come when he went and sat down in
an interview on some
television set somewhere or whatever
and they will put the microphone in his face
and bring up the subject of
cosculludes in short
And then at that moment there will come a
time I do not rule out that he will speak I think he will
not do it I think he will
try to avoid the subject as much as
possible but I think it is true what he
told me that he has it in mind that he
thinks it will be good well  I'm passing the
information on to you now another thing is what I
think or what I believe or if I
agree with iba, it's not for me whatever he
does he'll be late
for me whatever he does he'll be late and
I have nothing against him I don't
even think he's a person that I dislike very much I
think he's fine he comes off false
in some things
but with me the truth is that he's always
been
nice good people and I don't know with me it's that
I'm a person that I don't like that with me he does
n't behave badly I can't
tell you either I can't get super
against him I've given him no there are a lot of
people who say up there and I'll send you a
message with the one that you're giving him let's
see I'm here I'm not giving anything I
'm not giving what's there he understands me
But the way things are
I think that when I think that when I know that
when he finds himself very cornered
that his image or whatever will come out I
think it will end up coming out because this
issue is not like what happened with auron
I think that auron can do that
time passes and he doesn't speak out about
responding to wismichu to carch to no  I know
who, I don't know how much, he'll do that, whether he
feels like it or not. I think he has that in his
chest and he will do it too, but regarding
the subject of iba, I think it's a subject
that he won't be able to avoid forever
and the other day we were here live
commenting on the subject ibai was staying
as he was staying among the coscu over
there saying one thing Dallas
gave him the video Thank you very much
Meridia, the Dallas video was
magnificent and it was spectacular, just
like mine from a few days ago, what
happens is that I did it here in estracho
but it's that he has given anyone
the criticism Franco of shampoo in the mouth
too. Now we're going to see what Frank
cuesta does, what
I believe is what it was
going on there, what he wants to come out and say, I
think it's not defending him, there are two
sides to it, for example, Uncle Sur
[Music] I did
n't see Cell's opinion, I
didn't see Cell's opinion, I saw it so
quickly that he put me and I put it on the
news too, but I didn't get to see
the opinion But Uncle Sur I did see that he  I was
more inclined
to think that he would go and
defend Coscu, that is, like there is
a justification, an
explanation that he defends Coco, but I
think that would be media suicide.
I think that, I think that no, I think that
what he's going to come out and say is a
contract clause, legal threats,
or even threats that people know things
about him. He's going to want to defend himself.
Why didn't he act, not defend Goku, look,
those two have ended very badly. Those two have
ended very badly, they are not friends. Look at
what Goku was saying before the
evening, before the evening, before
the evening, Koku was
saying that he didn't talk to Ibai, that he
was inaccessible, when I heard him
I was thinking, I say, let's see, I don't want to
say anything, but it's that when I
had to talk to him, I went there to see, maybe he does
n't answer you after 5 minutes, but
on the same day, he always
answered me the same day and we are not friends,
far from it. I imagine that
maybe he does talk to him places. Well,
maybe he doesn't answer him, but to another youtuber
or  less he knows that you know I don't know
[ __ ] is what I'm telling you he was here in
our live I spoke to him I spoke to him I
spoke to him after a while I spoke to him the next day
I understand that there will be days when he is more or less busy but as much as not answering you ever that he will also have it on WhatsApp I think they have come out very badly
because there was no way for the
two of them to look good there or one looks good
the other looks good If he goes and takes him out of the
evening it looks bad coscu he ruins him and if he
goes and keeps him in the evening it looks bad
ibai how it turned out
malibis and the whole evening is left
so what I think is that ibais
wants to give some kind of explanation as to
why he didn't act otherwise since we didn't
create it Because for me it comes late whatever it is I don't
give a [ __ ] about
explanations the explanations no that you should have brought it out whatever it was whatever it was whatever it was
he says that there is some kind of
explanation and that people that many
people are going to understand it and he also put
something like that to me it's good that
he's not worried
that when he has to tell it you
will tell it and that he can save his image
Because a lot of people are going to understand
when he comments on it He
told me
that he is calm in the sense that you
are tired of getting beaten up for 7
months for keeping quiet He told me just in case because they
are accusing me of keeping quiet a
rape now yes he told me no rape I
call it rape and
[Music]
the truth is that
that I don't know I saw him as very convinced
that whatever he says is worth it And I'm not
so sure of that The truth is that
I'm not so sure that whatever he
says is going to be useful
man let's see
I would think about expelling someone from my
event if something bad comes out of him not
because of a legal threat because it is a legal
threat there is no way it is that there is no
legal threat there is nothing no matter how
many clauses he makes a bad one
even if you pay
another thing is that he has something on you
Imagine that someone has something on
you
then you think about it then you think about it
But well we will see what
happens with the passage of time
but what I tell you or rather  what I do
is inform you whenever I have access to
the Source or I report what's there okay
but in this case it's that in this
case he came and went to me Javi your house is
haunted Who's playing Xbox
if you're talking No well there we are
playing well I don't know it will be a
Javi video the Gameplay is very gore Well
but if it's uploaded to YouTube let's see
I have YouTube on I have YouTube on let's
see I have YouTube on if it's
uploaded
YouTube
if it's by contract it's not just arriving and
releasing it no no no no no but anyway
whatever it is we'll watch it let's see
lately we're seeing a lot of
videos of this type the truth is that
they are working well not about winmichu
about wismichu we haven't seen any
yet but we have seen
Ari's iceberg Gameplay which I thought was
a pretty silly video By the way we have been
watching the videos that they are
releasing now about the elite and the
conspiracies the illuminati and so on and
you sent me this one wismichu's worst mistake
he lost everything So if you
like
So if you like let's  see it
Why buy something new when you can
buy something unique on Pinterest you will spend
less and you will find that paying for it you
want buy it relax
friend relax
What's up friends today we are going to talk about
wismichu a youtuber who at the time
gained a lot of popularity thanks to his
particular humor and the videos he created
as well
well I
disagree I disagree with the first 7
seconds I think that wismichu
gained popularity because of the
charrulettes issue and then because of the tandem he
made with auronplay okay before when
Well when they were at the top top top top there were
n't many it wasn't as much as there wasn't
as much to choose from like now okay
But well I think that his Boom is
indisputably In addition I think it was
like impressive how to go from
thousands of subscribers to hundreds of thousands
or more than a million I think it was the
charroulette issue because in the charruls issue it
is true that
this charruls thing was very fashionable the omegle not
so much not at that level okay like how
winmichu and wismichu do them with the anxiety with the
anxiety to be the one that stood out the most he
lost his  hand he went overboard with the
chorules and he
behaved the way he did with them
not because he had collaborated on several
occasions
that had a negative impact on his
channel like his conflict with Dallas
having hit a guy with a bottle
his movie called bocadillo
which is a series of big [ __ ] ups eh I
mean let's see it in parts
however unfortunately
controversies that had a
negative impact on his channel like his controversy
with Dallas very
personal opinion
his controversy with Dallas became
too personal
because it's
like I say I don't want to disrespect him he lets himself
he's a person who lets himself be
manipulated a lot by women there's a
graph of how Ismael came to be
above now in quite some time who
saw you
a super respected person despite the
behavior he had he was a person
that everyone kissed his ass whatever
he said was mass I have explained to you
many times the issue of the play Awards
the play award many people were
canceling it we were talking badly about the
playoboards and they were all losing their
asses to attend the play awards man I
have a video I have an excerpt
about that  the play Awards were
exactly the same [ __ ] as the
enlam they
are the same a little bit cooler the truth is
that the links seem like an event that
is aesthetically cool and such it was It was
cool but the play Awards were canceled
they were canceled Because of who their
creators were because the same company
had released a gossip magazine
and because
and because they didn't pay the guests and
because the award categories
were the craziest the ugliest the most I don't know
what and the awards in are exactly the
same they are exactly the same and they
lose their asses to go
okay But like wismichu or I mean I
remember for example that a lot of people
said but well but the awards in
How are you going to go
look they are the same as the
magazines you see what's wrong with them
publishing a gossip magazine about
youtubers you
know
a magazine because they published a magazine about
youtuber gossip it lasted one issue the
magazine I don't remember if one or two I think it
was one
a magazine like super pop like
Hola like semana and these things but
about youtubers that by the way I think
some did  stolen poses because it's
assumed that Jordi Wilde was caught
kissing a girl in a car it's
assumed that Rubio was caught on the beach
with his girlfriend I have my doubts that they
were stolen photos and caught on
the street okay But anyway the issue
wismichu said that
the play Awards had to be cancelled the play Awards were
cancelled wismichu said that
Dallas had to be cancelled it was cancelled okay
where does he lose michu's respect is that
women
handle him like a play controller
Okay then his problem with Dallas
becomes something other than media and to
join the crowd and all that roll of
course on one hand he has a he
becomes the boyfriend of an ex who is super jilted
super obsessed with Dallas who is
Ingrid
and there the subject becomes super personal
because imagine what Ingrid would
put in his head About dala Okay and
then the other friendships all
environment well in today's life
today's life of wismichu turns into a toned
completely
other new couple who is also dala's couple
who is not going to let go of him  arm to Dallas
never in life by the way and will always
have issues with the Dallas
problem Well judicial issue with
Dallas pending have a lot because they have
a handful of
pending issues still
then everything that he sends to his girlfriend he
does it if the girlfriend sends him to publish a
conversation in the public then I don't know
what then I don't know how much then what
is a controversy between two youtubers well it
has returned as something that goes away in his life
and his life revolves around that
the friendships those who get along badly with
Dallas the enmities those who get along
well I mean if you get along with dala
and you have cordiality with dala blocked
he goes looking for and Quetzal comes out for
example the other day commenting that at
dinner they start talking about he starts
talking about Dallas in the scenes with
friends
that now vikinga spends her time hiding
against Beijing And then a
problem that is between youtuber that are
streaks Yes I mean I had a streak that
I fought with the one with the cap another
another streak with the one from
Barcelona this one also not another streak
but they are  things that to me today,
well, I don't care about
I mean, they don't matter to me exactly, they are topics
that don't enter my life, I turn off the
computer and it's content, it doesn't affect
absolutely anything in my life, more the can that they
can give me, I know what they
have sued me but come on I also
tell you that I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't hate them, I don't have
anything personal against
them, that they give me the same, you understand
But this is something that has sunk him
because it is that he has been fatal it is that
Dallas has hit him from all sides but
from all sides it is that he has no
answer to give to Dallas, he will never, never
win his conflict with Dallas, having
hit a guy with a bottle, having
hit the guy with a bottle
is something that denotes for me a little bit in the
environment in which he has been raised, he has
moved or what he is used to
because in fact in an interview with
Auro he said no, no, I am used
to fights,
personally this is something that to
me the issue of violence, the issue of
violence I will always be very against, I have
had well you already know that
always, always, forever, person who
threatens me, person  that has some kind of
legally crossing the line with me
comes the little game and there are some that I'm
left with the thorn that I haven't been able to
do it because they haven't done it
directly mentioning me or whatever
but they have done it you know but for me
people who use violence
instead of instead of this and this
are on another level in a
different league than mine you know I mean
I'm not telling you to do something to your
girlfriend or your mother and react in the
moment things that happen at
specific moments that you can't avoid but
you grab a bottle I don't know what then
the lies that were behind that I don't
know what
the issue of the bottle was and that
he wants to hide eh movie called
bocadillo which upset and disappointed
everyone and supposedly would have
betrayed the movie that also
made no sense to anyone eh
auronplay And in this video we will take a
look at each of those controversies And
what happened currently with wismichu So it
's more than saying let's start he is a
Spanish youtuber at first he used to
upload videos in which he commented from
Call  of Duty but then he changed
his content and began creating sketches,
challenges, and blogs in which he showed off his
particular smoke. This change made him
gain fame and accumulate millions of
subscribers. He also made collaborations
with another youtuber known as
auronplay in which they dedicated themselves to
making prank calls. And they
participated together in shows like you
Planet. So it's a shame the relationship has
broken up there because they have put [ __ ]
against auron, man.
What I don't understand is why isma, who
is so far removed from all this world, is
playing his games and cards, continues to
gossip about Dallas and the hate, a
lot of lost potential, but it's because of
what I'm telling you. I will play because it is
something personal and because they will have it
all day around here. The Run, the run run
of Our goal in life is to give it.
Our goal in life is given. It's that
I think that if not, that if he didn't
have certain people in his life, I
think this issue with Dallas would have already
died. I mean,
imagine if wismichu hadn't
released the video that he released in 2017.
What happens is that Dallas  he made a video
commenting on the bottle thing Of course just like
everything else just like the entire internet
dixfield in the news the day Dallas
does something that goes viral or hits
someone you comment on it too
but of course he had people and this
costs me because I've been in that
environment and I've also experienced it and
apart from that I
can pull whatever he wants on you who are spectators
but I'm
watching the video from 2017 I
know where it's scripted but
even if it's the screenshots who they are you
understand that was that they
took him and took advantage of
the moment when they finally used
someone big to make a
video about Dallas now is the time Make him
a video in a video and they
've tried many times with auron and
what they have with auron is that auron didn't
want to go against Dallas and
make videos about Dallas and get into a
war against Dallas on the contrary he
ended up making peace or rather and
that is the war against auroes and the
tenant who has him  a certain group goes around
and takes things from auron and
others goes for that because he still hasn't
wanted to do the same thing he did but
imagine if he hadn't released the video in
2017 there would
be no complaints there would be no
legal issues the exchanges of complaints that they have
had anyway
to this day I'm not saying that they should talk
but each one does their own thing and that's it I mean what does it
matter it's as if I find myself
at an event
to the guy with the cap There he
is I'm not going to talk to him but I don't care however
that fame of wismichu was
later affected due to his
participation in several controversies one of
which was related to a prank call
in the past auronplay
uploaded a video in which they had fun
making prank calls to several
companies however one of the owners
of those companies accused them and
reported them that this series of pranks
was damaging their business
the controversy of the time the
controversies the controversy of the time Of course
in the end
a second that seems to me Listening to something
in my house
never have children if you want a
house  silent
[Music]
of course and in the end they put in people
who get involved and have consequences like
these for life judicial issues
legal issues that later can turn out better
or worse or whatever in the end you live
in a state of anxiety you live in a
state of money also not the bad
vibes and in the end sinking Do not look at the
thing about the dog trial no, he
got very involved through
the evidence also that that
will surely also be another procedure and
that other consequences that he is going to
pay because I mean he has
let himself sink the truth he has
let himself sink throw imitators who
tried to copy the jokes raised the
phone a controversy now I want to see the
interview with nemu when it comes out We do not
know yet Amazon we do not know
yet These are controversies of the time
what good nonsense to this day you
remember them with laughter no that it was
collapsed both youtubers have responded
that the call was not made to
someone from Crdoba clarified that the
telephone forms were directed to two
people in Galicia and another in Catalonia and
that the video they made has  the
permission of the people to whom
the calls were made the next
controversy that wismichu had was for having
hit a guy with a bottle and his
friends attended a party where he had
an argument yesterday when I arrived at my
apartment from a party he and some friends of his
were with my roommates in the
living room in Corua normal laughter my
roommate Andrs and wismichu started
arguing about Catalonia about the King
anyway and we ended up telling them to leave
at that moment the super crack mitsu
before leaving grabbed a
glass bottle and smashed it on
myfriend's head
the friends said to him What are you doing What are you
doing And he started hitting
my friend with his head open who didn't
defend himself or do anything not happy with
this winmichu before leaving he spat on him and
ran away like a coward bad
luck that there are cameras all over the
portal man How strange How strange that even
today he has leaked all this
man the videos of the portal
Because if there was a conviction no
these videos have to exist and they
will be doing everything possible to prevent them from
appearing here called Andrs about
the independence of Catalonia the
discussion  got out of control and they
asked him to leave at that
moment He grabbed a glass bottle and
broke it against Andrs's head then
continued hitting him spit on him and fled
the scene this attack left Andrs injured they
need medical attention in the hospital
where they had to put several
stitches as a result of these events
friends chose to file a
complaint there were people who doubted
these accusations While others
took them as true however the
situation changed on his channel where he
confirmed that the accusations were true
Hello everyone in recent days
a rumor has surfaced that says that I
supposedly got into an argument with a
person and hit them with a bottle well it
's not a rumor it's a reality it happened
and here I am to talk about it I could
catch up and tell you that it's all nonsense
that they want to defame me that they are all
lies or I could simply ignore the
issue and let time cover it all up
and people forget but no, I'm not like that I
screwed up and here I am admitting it
and then he deleted the video no an
important detail is that during the
argument the young man grabbed him and threw him out
of his house along with a threatening woman
this situation
confrontations that had  had with
dalaster View in 2013 is that
video the video that he made is not even
that it was already part of that you can see how
ionized And where the shots are going is that
the video does not
even try to respond to
respond to Dallas for the bottle
why do you have to respond to Dallas
for the bottle but the
bottle is true
if you yourself are recognizing that it is true
why do you have to respond to him and he
begins to release a series of episodes
that he neither went Nor came to him but that there were
people who wanted to release them and he
took it and released it that's
why are you talking about episodes in which
you were not in, of which you are not I do not
know the truth
episodes that they are asking you to
release responded to this video
this response from Dallas made
quite a few subscribers this topic is
quite broad to comment on so
if you want me to upload a video
let me know in the comments as I
mentioned due to this controversy with
Dallas in the number of visits and
subscribers of his channel but look at the
career man having a career that
can be super hyper mega millionaire
another day they sent me I haven't put it in
a newscast I have it here in the
lost email so
that it was like a tweet from
wismichu's girlfriend saying
Oh I don't have it anymore
if I don't have it I'm not going to speak it from
memory I think it
was something like I
would swear that Ah yes yes yes yes
being a girl in this industry is
exhausting more than 10 years working in this
and it doesn't improve everything costs for two they receive
half the recognition for
your work and luck finding allies that get involved Beyond word of mouth or rather, as if it doesn't succeed because you're a woman and it's how it was seen the hair went the filter well nothing happens let's see well that's what is most at risk being live
[Music]
There are a lot of There are a lot of
female streamers
who succeed There are a lot of
streamers who are girls and they succeed it's
not about being a woman or not no and there was
someone who answered her
and said and it will continue to cost you for the
rest of your life in this industry all you
have are people who hate your ex
just like you That doesn't mean  that they
love you only unites mutual hatred towards
the same person you know
if your career suddenly focuses on having to
sink your ex has already
broken up with your ex Well then
each one goes their own way each one lives their
life Look Cristinini man look Cristinini
and the New York yes with the New Yorks the New York has indeed behaved
badly with
Cristian and the New York was to
report him and there he is without wanting to
report without wanting to issue without wanting he doesn't
want to get into anything else
what he wants is to grow and achieve
his goals studying I don't know if it was
dubbing not to stop every time he finishes
studying one thing to study something else
new for her she would have grown too you would have exploded she would have
exploded much more than Ari
much more than all of these because she was
before I mean How many girls are
super successful there man
Look Maica Maika Vasco now that she started
recently she is breaking it in the gossip there
was another controversy that contributed a lot to
this decline and it is related to
her movie called and we don't even talk about him that that
he would be hyper mega
millionaire today
and  by wanting to sink the other they sink too
I'm that far behind I can't
get along with anyone for real I mean I
went to the like this I think the heaviest fight
the strongest I've had in the last few
months was when someone with whom I had
a public debate was
getting out of hand he threatened to strike and I
don't know what we started with one we put
a couple of each and we said we're getting away we
're getting away okay
here each one to their own thing you go there and
I go here I don't want to know anything about you
here they don't enter anymore he killed pupu pum all
the videos out about you forgotten and I don't even
know if he will continue uploading videos or
anything because nobody knows anything about him but
one thing is a fight public debate you know what
you want but to obsess
so much over someone and sink someone that you
don't care about taking your career ahead
bocadillo said that this movie would be
shown in theaters so his
followers bought tickets to see it
however as it was finally released
a great disappointment for everyone Since it
turned out to be like in quotes  a
hoax planned by wismichu since the
film consisted of repeating the same
scene with the same joke over and over
again this did not like those who were
very upset began to protest and asked for their
money back in response to
this he later explained in a video he made
the film with these objectives in mind
one of them was to show how the
media often promotes
projects just because the person behind
them is famous regardless of whether they
are actually good and the other objective
was to highlight how people tend to
believe everything that poops in the
free entrance in this case The promise that the
film would be great because of this
situation
main instead chose to do
live streams where he played different
video games and upload them to his secondary
although those videos did not generate as many
views as he used to get on his
main channel the interesting thing is that
this decadence that experienced and
happy something that he expressed in the following
video the crest of the wave my life was
[ __ ] When I was squeezing it the most
when
[Music]
a case of sexual abuse
towards a boy or a girl is reported supposedly
happier It should be my life I go
back to living like a normal person
go  to a mall I can go have
a few drinks with my friends I can
go play a few games at the
local card shop and I don't envy that
moment when I was on the crest of
the wave I am much happier now than I was at
that time despite having said this I
don't believe it I mean there may be
things that are more difficult to handle
when you are super super mega exposed
okay but yes now you can live that
gives you enough to live with what you have with the I do
n't know because I imagine that he will continue
earning well he has a he has a
company Yes I know I know that he has an limited company
more than anything well I'm not going to say
why but I know that he has an limited company where he
works
where his girlfriend works there is no
problem saying that but I
imagine that he will work more people and he
will have I don't know I don't know if the limited company I don't know I don't know
what he does the truth is I don't know if it
represents I don't know what it's about the
truth I don't know if he makes a movie It's that I
have no idea what he will do okay but
that you are happier
that it doesn't make sense I mean if you
dedicate yourself to  something you want to get as
far as possible in that something if you're not
happy doing it you quit and you dedicate yourself to something
else you invest the money you've
earned over all these years you
open the hair salon Open I don't know what Open I
don't know how much and that's it You know I think it's
an argument and it is I think it's
an excuse argument for
your wanting to self How do you say console yourself
no
Carlos we have format was
involved in a recent controversy and
this time it was with Auron and Beijing on my
channel I have blown up in detail the entire
case that this couple had
so I invite you to take a look but in
summary now he was accused of pedo and
Beijing will have accused and made fun
of the disappearance of Jeremy Vargas
these controversies were answered as
clarified by this couple from the heart from the
heart I want to apologize for
all the damage caused at that stage I
flatly deny having spoken with this
person knowing that he was a
minor but during
his friends family and partner and that the
influence that he has gained he has used it
to do harm we all have a past
that we can regret more or
less it is a reality and the one  deny
this you are a cynic agreed the thing is
that the worst thing Sara has done is not that
past the worst thing Sara has done is how she
treats those close to her managers
friends and even her
partner
and what you don't know is that this is
accompanied by people in the daily forum
giving a little more details of these
indirect, let's say indirect, very direct
because there she is telling you there she is
telling you The Movida the in addition to that
in addition to that
as I was already explaining to you during
Well since Dallas and are the passes
with Auron and Beijing, he and his girlfriend
dedicated themselves to throwing indirect about
Auron's personal things, the
golden shower and these things that I told you that
only those of us who knew the
indirect were getting it. I mean, people didn't
realize that wismichu and his girlfriend
were throwing indirect, it was
simply those who saw who realized it, those of us who
knew, and she also exposed it in
that thread,
so everyone can do what they want, they didn't
assume that the latter betrayed him, they
were never friends with him, he was preparing
to make a video for Dallas, he wanted
much to Raul he was not even close to my best
friend and I said it on multiple occasions but I
loved him I lived a very important part of my life
by his side and I know that it
was like that for him too I owe him a lot and he to me
but as soon as he found out that I was going to
respond to Dallas and all of his videos
in February 2021 I called him on the
phone to let him know because I was
involved he was
quick to say he was quick to
say in the interview he had that
same afternoon with ibai he was quick to
say in the interview he
had that same afternoon with ibai that we
were never friends
however they can stay he
will speak out and you will criticize but it's
verysimple that he does
n't want to get involved they are
quick to say that we are not friends of
course he doesn't want to get involved in your
thing he's
not leaving The thing is that auron has the
right not to take a war
against Dallas personally for
life
when things can be fixed and
everyone is cordial
and not only that he was also accused of
betraying
enough disgust we feel enough
vomit-inducing anecdotes we witness
from people who are capable of any
baseness  to gain the fame they lost how
bad
before they were someone but today they are the Mecca
of irrelevance how bad that's why they
think that stabbing a friend or ex-
friend in the back when they are going
down is going to help
people love them again they spent the
whole year hitting them indirectly pim pim
pim pim and took advantage when they were on the
ground man poor wretches have no
idea why people stopped loving them in the
first place nowadays wismichu hasn't
been uploading content from his second
channel for months instead he
chooses to collaborate and play different
games on another channel in short he had a
time when he was very popular but
due to the controversial attitudes that he
had his popularity ended however
according to what he himself has said The good thing about this
situation is that I have found peace and
happiness something that I didn't feel so much
when he was at the height of his
popularity if this video was
informative to you leave your like subscribe
I don't think there is I don't think I have
found much peace but not for nothing
but because there are still
legal issues out there and things that you are
dragging and  complicating things more and more
because on top of that he got into the dog thing,
man What a need What a need to
get into the dog thing that I do
n't understand the truth I mean the
need to get into the dog thing there the thing has become
really complicated
But oh well There you have the example that you
never have to The
example of what you never have to
follow
and without need
or rather without need None of it
is true what you're putting in
the chat has deleted this month
has deleted this month
140 million visits
that he will have deleted
goat deleted 140 million
visits
if he has deleted there's
a [ __ ] video
goat deleted
new song by the kids there's a
new song by the kids inspired
by Disney
go stop it because I don't think it has copy
but just in case the son of a [ __ ] tells me
[Music]
Gloria until liberal
cringe this has deleted almost 150 million
visits have you seen
well people will surely now discover what it is for
sure that people
will find out what the truth is
because what is that let's see what it is whatever it is for
sure that  we miss make
way for our great King you
will see a star grow Who is the
first to reach their director
Look, the first fans are coming, the
gossip is going to adore the server, the
gossip on discord Olive's fans will go on their
knees at your feet tell us now the
gossip that we got today comment on it
here and there and without fear tweet non-
stop
apart from the fact that the copy is going to jump out
I'm dying of cringe King, damn he
did this to block him
[Music]
this is a person singing or whoever it
is grabs the wife made her
sing this
is faster than any other channel
the cribs are tight
all the information speaks to us and we
can enjoy their gossip in the Twitch chat
then they continue
[Music] the
same And there are many more Those who follow you
What a great collection I tell you it's of
Great class as you can see
our daddy and a real straight mannequin I
mean I understand that with all the
good intentions in the world but but
[ __ ] [ __ ]
Oh [ __ ] I went to the wrong
screen
someone started singing this
someone  has started singing this
really non-ironic man
[Laughs]
we want a filter with your cape and crown
King face turning on the table let's
see I'll see if there's one let's see if there's one I'll see if there's
one I'll change it come on I'll
see if there's one I'll change it but of course I
have to change the filter Now here
in the middle of a live show it's risky
changing the filter here right now
live very risky because more risk
that more risk that
Maria can be seen that my head can be seen I
can't see any So be it
as you say the truth
well let's see the papaeado some
cream but very beautiful voice yes it is very
well done the truth is it is very well done
and very well Enchanted
[Music]
but
the cringe has been powerful
the cringe the cringe has been dominant
Frank cuesta has given him a good
papaeado and review that he has given it to him
and go and I say again the same thing as before I
mean it is papaeado of Frank he has
made it on a plate ibai there is no more
and go said papaeado me please I mean in
what  moment you think of getting into the
subject of rubiales having what you have
at the top having done what you've
done having done what you've done
with coco buddy
Fran always based but it's that
lately France is getting
more into gossip no I think that I think that I
definitely
should propose to Fran a
weekly section weekly
or rather Fran
apart from how we have railed telesalseo
that we have blown up telesalseo I think
that objectively Fran has to
have here in the youth for them to
report me every month a man Will
[Music]
a kiss King Thank you very much for that
gift everyone subscribe to the
Channel Will's theater very good channel
eh Very good channel we have reacted to
your videos a few times Mister corso a
kiss Thank you very much Fran go of course
Javi be very careful well but there is
respect there is respect respect I think that
Fran likes me a little
your friend your friend
Piqu has business with this man
okay
important this
few talked about this I was about to like like
comment on it what happens is that I
don't understand the subject because I'm not into
that  Lore you know I didn't want to get
involved but there is like a
leaked phone conversation between Rubiales and
Piqu with some business deals the truth is your
friend Piqu has business deals with Rubiales
your partner Piqu has business deals with this
man
What is shameful the businesses your partner
Piqu is a partner of the other or has been a partner
of the other
or the kiss action
ibai which is shameful the businesses or the
kiss action and I repeat I have
nothing against eBay but if you go it is a
reference to be a reference you have to
be there through thick and thin
when not many months ago they were
accusing you that at your evening a
person was going to compete
who after [ __ ] a
totally drunk girl
lifted the bedclothes took pictures of her and
sent them to his friends
but man this as I've told you before
what makes me think is that they the
elite the cool the big their followers did
n't even really believe
that the coco issue was not a cancellation
of coscu for what he had done but a
counter action ibai
a kiss Romn Thank you very much
and he believed let's go that dark chocolate
I repeated over and over again they didn't believe that
once the evening was over No one
else was going to remember this topic no no no no no no
this has been too strong
this has been TV the sailor
this is forever I mean
forever let's see if you go now
no opinion of such but of course as you
want to put on a medal take a kiss Thank you very much what
you can't do is go out there
that good that you give no what you're going to have to what you're going to
have the player in your in
your String in your house no In a little while and
now you're going out What an embarrassment What an embarrassment you
're putting us through
blondies to me blondies you're not
putting me through any kind of embarrassment what
embarrassment you're going to separate me not even if it
was me who kissed the
other one first of all the kiss is
inappropriate whatever you want but it
's not that much it's inappropriate it's too
much you can't do that you don't have to do that no matter
how excited I
was but I know the intention in
that kiss and so on well it's not for the one
you're messing around
but that's it  I said I said it months ago
There it goes the coscu thing is going to
explode in your face over and over again
and I told you remember it is sure to be out
there the weather I put it because I don't
know where it will be But I said it is not a
Dallas against ibai it is what
coscu has done it is objectively wrong be it or not
for everyone
I do not understand how the
same thing I did of rejecting the
evening man I would have loved to
go
just like everyone else I would have
loved the posturing
there to take a picture
I am going to Madrid with the wife we
buy some nice clothes to show off
there taking the picture in the photocall
yes it is true that then I for
example the one of the yes I like more more
cool No that one I would have liked a
little more well a review of YouTube they don't
put clearance and those things no And it is there
but
but the thing about the evening is that it does not
appeal to me that much because to me boxing It is not
that I know But what is the posturing
all the people that were there and such Hey well
I  I would have had a good time
but I
can't go to a place where the
protagonist is this but neither where he is the
protagonist nor where he is a secondary
where he is invited I'm not going to go
and I couldn't get my head around
how the [ __ ] How the [ __ ] didn't
everyone else do the same as
me Well the gossip channels almost
all did it but not the truth
But for example you tell me about
the elas no I know that grefg has his
ups and downs and we don't like each other the
indian mutually no but for
example if I hadn't gone to the Islas
sielos in the they wouldn't have kicked me out
I would have gone because grefg has done
things but they are not at the level of
Coco or I mean to the Airlines if
there were if they had invited me I would have gone Yes I would have
gone
too I tell you
if not they are going to give an award to coscu
you know but the in Yes I would have gone yes
Well if they didn't do some rigging and stuff
but I don't
really understand the evening thing And that will weigh on
everyone why because there he goes and he will
be  exploding now it just
exploded again within now until
Christmas it will explode again with
something else an interview he does and he goes
somewhere they invite him to some
program or he is in some in some
photocall somewhere and they put the
artichoke on him and ask him about the subject and he
goes and you why why do you have
this guy Why did you give this guy an award
always
And maybe the time will come that as
he told me to go out and speak
the day I went and speak I
have the thought of telling what I
want to tell there
will be criticism there will be people who will
enter through the Ring There will be people who support him
but you know that it is going to be great
what is going to be great is going to be seeing
an Ari Gameplay suddenly condemning
Coscu to a crisis not even suddenly
condemning Coscu a Juan Guarnizo one a
one River the other River
to all those who were there fighting
not the lamp Peter
the other all that were all those who
were there in the public
everything everything everything everything
everyone I think that that is going to be the most
fun we're going to  let's see why that is like that
because that is like that
the million I don't know if it would come out
because of course the million So what
would he do to turn against ibai It will
be very funny It
will be very funny not only
when he was going to go explain what he wants to
explain not what he told me he was going to
explain but it will be very funny to
see the others
now suddenly super scandalized
with the coscu thing that is how it will explode
in his face also because the [ __ ] did you accept
if it seemed so bad to you and why the [ __ ] did you present it
And why were you as a guest
that topic is going to explode and I said it and
the clips are out there Find me the clips
please someone dedicate yourself to find me
the clips where I said all this
that topic is going to explode and I keep
saying it is going to explode sooner or later it is
going to explode even more I already know that ibai we already
know that iba and he is worried we already know
that iba and he is worried that it is
embarrassing ibai
that rubiales gives him a kiss in a moment
of jubilation of having won the
world cup to a woman who is a lesbian and with
whom he has a lot of confidence better or
worse  slime no slime is that better
or is it better that in your boxing evening there is
a guy competing
who after [ __ ] a
completely drunk drugged woman
takes naked pictures of her and sends them to his
friends
What's more embarrassing ibai
what's more embarrassing let's go through
thick and thin I've
always liked you I probably like you
but don't be a [ __ ] hypocrite
you are [ __ ] hypocrites you
journalists and all of you have allied yourselves with the
[ __ ] shitty feminism with the [ __ ]
shitty cancellation
and at the end of the day I tell you one thing they are
going to eat you up they are going to eat you
up and if not in time but in
time
okay and I repeat now they will come Frank
is already against ibai no the headline is
Frank explodes against the [ __ ] and
against the new machismo
I'm going to recreate this because this is
wonderful
your friend your friend
knows pachado eh No but of course it's the
truth there's
no more it went viral also a click
fear What happens is that I don't have
[Music]
The same bearing as the
same bearing the same style as Fran
but a clip of mine went viral there
too I don't have it
Ah yeah look here
now I'm saying it there man you have the
balls I mean when I saw this I
really couldn't believe it you were so outraged about
this and putting the medal on yourself in public
and Bye
with everything that's happened during
the first half of the year that
everyone has been throwing Coco in your face
and you haven't moved him from the evening they have
canceled they have canceled even the cameraman
of the evening they have canceled even the
cameraman they canceled Ari because he didn't
dare speak out against Coco
because Coco was the star of your
event they canceled Juan Guarnizo they
canceled Caprimin and his story came out they
canceled cheer up they canceled everyone
who walked the red carpet and now you're going to
have the balls to get outraged
about the evening man with the thing with
the Rubiales thing that's a kiss it's
really a lot of cloth man
this has no sense of
shame any man It's really that do
n't do Stream think what you want  at
home with your friends but there will be no
Stream to comment on this and really or
rather this is mind-blowing dude they
canceled Cristinini because she was the
presenter and she didn't dare to give her
true version of what she thought So as
not to lose her job and
job opportunities with you dude what would you call that I was
going to have everyone keep quiet
so you don't fire him
and now you're going to [ __ ] and you're going to come out here
Today I'm going to interview the champions I'm
going to bring them home I don't care if there
was the last interview
before I don't care I don't give a damn you've
put a lot of the
comment box that I don't give a damn it's that I do
n't care that I don't want this topic that is not
in a position to talk about this topic
please This is the best dude
really I say they've fired they've fired
half of it really I mean they've passed the
cover to half of the streamers and you did
n't have the balls to fire Your
friend I condemn this attitude if
palliatives He was one of those who was
applauding yesterday no And you giving him a  a
salary award to Coco
who has done something much worse but
that suits you What are you going to throw in
de la Fuente's face
What are you going to smash in de la Fuente's face, how
bad a guy has looked eh if you have
paid Coscu a salary
How bad has looked eh this one wasn't
direct in which he was going and he spoke to me no this one
wasn't no because I was already with
I was already crab when he spoke to me
ibai I was crab Let's see let's
look for the reaction
we could find we
could find It would be possible to
find
the reaction of when he was
going and he sent me the message he was crab here it is look here I am crab Look just like we have to remove the romanticism we improve our rates with 5g for your mobile and a piece of gigabytes for your face let's see if I put here Look look look and less in that area but that you take it and
tell it and that the girl who
reproaches you was fascinated by it
this boy really is
not mature is not mature I have to
see another click again but it's that I
promise you that it has left my
ass completely broken that message there I
had already received it it's before around
here above
look here here  here here
Look over here is when I get to see it
It's a shame that he caught me with the
crab filter eh I mean imagine
if he had caught me with my face and
suddenly I look at my phone and I make bread some really
cool content will come out of there really
cool the truth really cool I
don't see the tongs applaud no but I
wasn't the one applauding
the people are applauding over here okay
Wow no I didn't expect it to be so
so fast I didn't expect it to be already
Hey
there look look look
there it is I
try to hide it brutal brutal brutal
I'm a little in shock with the other topic
no there no that is not the first message
there I am reading there I am reading a
response that he makes me because there I am
saying I am still a little in shock
with the other topic let's see look look
later look
here I lie and I say that Frank cuesta
has sent me a WhatsApp but really
Frank cuesta had not sent me a
WhatsApp at that moment no let's see
Frank cuesta
the zero crab filter oliveira kiss
Frank cuesta sent me a WhatsApp
to  tell me about the sanctuary but I
said that was Frank Cuesta's WhatsApp
damn I can't find it now
here here Frank Cuesta sent me a
WhatsApp at 2:23 more or less the same
time as ibai's message more or less
the same time as ibai's message at
2:23 well I'm telling you ibai's message
was
at 2:13
but it's that you can't know the
time here what is it what do I have to do for
that for that exclusive to come out Here
look here Yes here I'm talking to him
okay okay later
okay more here I want to see the exact moment Look look look look over
here
I was with Roma today here I
think this is it no
[ __ ] Frank just gave me an
exclusive dude
Franco just gave me I'm
sitting here dressed as a crab of course for 10
minutes before if we're talking here it
's 142 we have to look for one and 32 more or
less around here look here here here here here here
eh here it is here eh here it is
guys we found it
here it's the moment Look
investment I'm Harry and today I
'll be with you  reporting on is that I
cut off this topic is true I was
talking about this topic I started talking about
T pito and it cut off Look at
all we can do for you you
see I mean apparently there's one
there I look at the phone that one look Look at that one that one Yeah yes I
tell you That's
yes I tell you the message that just
arrived
That's the moment That's
the moment look how sad I
'm with that filter eh because come on the
face would probably be mine
kiss Brigitte
if I tell you the message that just
arrived
you don't expect that no [ __ ]
moment
you don't expect it not a [ __ ] chance what is it that we
just saw it just
blew my mind Look at the message that
just arrived what we were watching
was the coscu interview Look that it
wasn't your day A very well
broken kiss it's that I don't expect it it's that the
last thing you expect I
found him on Fran's WhatsApp
Thank goodness I'm with the
crab filter eh I mean if this hadn't been
with the crab filter
if this hadn't been with the crab filter
[ __ ] Sure,
sure
Wait Wait I have to
answer this of course of
course
you understand now you don't understand now the
reaction no I
mean it doesn't make sense seriously
No no it's a joke I
mean no I'm not going to tell the message
because it's a private message and
[Music]
and they told me I can say what you
just told me because it's that my ass just
broke my ass just
broke my ass whatever you can
least imagine whatever you can least imagine whatever you can
least
imagine whatever you can least imagine it's
related to the topic we
were talking about all night
okay I mean one of the
protagonists of the night wrote to me it's the only thing I
can say but I'm not going to say the
content obviously let's not even tell you
who it is but
the message is very strong you
know it's a message that if this comes
true it's
going to break the internet Of course of course not
literally Yes if it comes true I mean don't
tell it if it comes true that's what
he does
okay okay I
don't know if you're watching me from the lox but I'm
glad
dude That's how it was That's how it was I'm leaving  going to get by
man I'm going to get by I don't know if I left
anything out
[Music]
Here they're also leaving everyone
man if you're here in autherf if
you're there still alive and kicking it's because they do
n't ban much around here I'm
going to throw myself away I don't know if there's going to be
anything else
yeah the same but I'm going to go
because I'm going over there to take a walk I'm going
over there to take a walk
yes I had a couple of salillos around here
But anyway in a little while
the news is on
now in a little while the news is on
okay
kisses Rebeca I'm
going guys to I don't know if at night
I'll be back okay because I'm preparing
I'm preparing something that I'm going to try to be
tomorrow
I'm preparing something that I'm going to try to
be tomorrow I'm
not going to say what I'll post the typical
tweet when the editor already has it
when the editor already has it I'll
post the typical tweet
a kiss family I love you very much
have a good Saturday
stay tuned okay in a little while they didn't
make the main channel for you
kisses family